LEARNING OBJECTIVES
- What URL is:
	Uniform Resouce Locator - Is used to identify a resource over the web.
	Syntax: protocol://hostname:port/path-and-file-name.

- What HTTP is:
	Hypertext Transfer Protocol - Is an applicatio-level protocol for distributed,
	collaborative, hypermedia information systems. It's generic, stateless, protocol
	which can be used for many tasks beond its use for hypertext, such as name servers
	and distributed object management systems, through extension of its request
	methods, error codes and headers.

- How to read URL
	protocol://hostname:port/path-and-file-name

- The scheme for a HTTP URL
- What a domain name is
- What a sub-domain is
- How to define a port number in a URL
- What a query string is:
	Fields' name and value, packed into "name=value" pairs, cancatenated
	together using & as the field separator, gathered by the browser once
	the client fills the fields and hit the submit button.
	Syntax:; name1=value1&name2=value2&...

- What an HTTP request is:
	Message the client sends to the server.

- What an HTTP response is:
	Message the server returns.

- What HTTP headers are
	The first line of the request header is calles a request line, followed by an
	an optional request headers.
	request-line syntax: request-method-name request-URI HTTP-version
	Example: GET /test.html HTTP/1.1

	Request headers are in the form of name:value pairs. Multiple values,
	separated by commas, can be specified.
	syntax: request-header-name: request-header-value1, request-header-value2, ...
	Example: Host www.xyz.com

- What the HTTP message body is:
	The response message body contains the resource data requested.

- What an HTTP request method is:
	HTTP protocol defines a set of request methods. A client can use
	one of these request methods to send a request message to an HTTP server.
	The methods:
	GET - to get a web resource from the web
	HEAD - to get the header that a GET request would have obtained.
	POST - Used to post data up to the web
	PUT - Ask server to store the data.
	DELETE - Ask the server to delete the data.
	TRACE - Ask the server to return a diagnostic trace of the actions it takes.
	OPTIONS - Ask the server to return the list of request methods it supports.
	CONNECT - Used to tell a proxy to make a connection to another host and simply
		  reply the content, without attempting to parse or cache it.
- What an HTTP response status code is:
	The first line of the response message contains the response status code,
	which is generated by the server to indicate the outcome of the request.
	- 1xx: Informational
	- 2xx: Success
	- 3xx: Redirection
	- 4xx: Client Error
	- 5xx: Server Error
- What an HTTP Cookie is:
	An HTTP cookie is a small piece of data that a server sends to a user's
	web browser.
	Typically, an HTTP cookie is used to tell if two requests come from
	the same browser.
- How to make a request with cURL
What happens when you type google.com in your browser (Application level)



************ HTTP(Hypertext Transfer Protocol) ************
- HTTP is an asymmetric request-response client-seerver protocol
- It's a stateless protocol
- Permits negotiation of data type and representation


********** URL(Uniform Resource Locator) ***********
url is used to uniquely identify a resource over the web.
--PARTS:

1 - Protocol: The application-level protocol used by the client and server, e.g http,
  ftp, telnet
2 - Hostname: The DNS domain name or IP of the server.
3 - Port: The TCP port number that the server is listening for incoming request from the
  clients.
4 - Path-and-file-name: The name and location of the requested resource, under the
    server document base directory.

